and there are progress in this
replication to show these people Cuban
exiles in come back here come back
uniforms carrying us all and training
for for a commando raid against Cuba
this is the situation that Cuba's
faithfully in Miami so naturally if they
send their own people to man to her foot
back here as early as possible on the
planning of terrorist activities such as
the bombing of tourist hotels here no
campaign was carried off late 59s
against hotels and try to in order to
try to scare tourists away from Cuba the
Cubans eventually caught these people
and there were Central American
mercenaries hired by one of the most
notorious of the Cuban terrorist a man
trained by the CIA man who worked for
years was the ia and who continued
through the years to carry out terrorist
attacks against human targets this
maintained his Posada
one of the most notorious terrorist acts
of this man loose for Sophocles was his
help in the planning of the bombing of
the Cuban commercial airliner in early
October 1976 in which all 70 70 people
aboard he had a litany that such as
three years he was eventually arrested
by Venezuelan authorities and charged
with that he escaped from prison and in
the early 1980s he showed up in El
Salvador where he began work at the el
fondo Air Base outside san salvador in
the region the CIA agree supply
operations to the country's up ray in
Nicaragua another of the most famous of
the CIA chain Cuban terrorist is a
pediatrician name
Bush has a record going back to the
1960s of dozens of terrorist activities
he too was looking with Posada car
dealers in the bombing of the Cuban
airliner 1976
he was arrested by the Venice burns he
was tried three times and three times on
technicalities he was acquitted of
course all the main for the sport rivage
and for the safe spinning from prison of
Posada Caritas came from these
extremists Cuban Americans in Miami
around the Cuban American national
foundation in 1987 the Venezuelans
released blush and he left the country
he turns up in the United States I
believe it's in February of 1988 he's
immediately arrested on charges stemming
from a parole violation of a conviction
Monique addiction from the previous
terrorist act in the United States the
next year nineteen eighty nine from that
time on the Department of Justice
creates a report showing that he is a
known terrorist paid they list these
terrorist acts in this toughness there
were 30 ferry snacks and it was a
justification for his expulsion from the
United States as an undesirable he was
on the verge of being its
from the United States in early nineteen
ninety when another of the Cuban
extremists in Miami this time is the
congresswoman Ileana ros-lehtinen begins
to lobby on his behalf that his own
brushes behalf with been president bush
the father to crush the protection order
the main support that she has is from
the campaign manager and then
responsible for her reflection in to the
Congress in Washington who is none other
than Jeb Bush the son of Glenn present
and the governor of hora de so between
two of the vapor pale prevail on the
father george bush senior to crush the
deportation order in 99 against orlando
bush he is set free and he's been
walking the streets of Miami ever since
F he meant but he has never launched
terrace what other Carolus was arrested
in Panama in the year 2000 along three
other very well known CIA trained
terrorists sabotage experts they were
captured they were arrested with a large
amount of i believe it was c4 explosive
enough to have killed hundreds if not
more than a thousand ago
and was to explore it on at the
auditorium where she's attached to was
to be speaking at the University of
Kentucky during the ibero-american sunny
in fact he was arrested just a time the
conference was beginning one of the most
interesting aspects of the arrest of
posada carriles and the other three in
panel in in two thousand was the role
that the Cuban intelligence service
played in these arrests it happens the
Fate were on the trail of these guys
from somewhere in Central America has
never been revealed but all through
their say in Panama they knew the remote
farm where these guys were holed up
with their closest and they knew the
hotel's great mistake
so that when Fidel Castro went to this
summit being where the king of Spain was
present when the president of Spanish
problem was there in the chiefs of State
of all the Latin American countries
expand speaking countries were also
present he Fidel arrived for this
conference he immediately gave a press
conference and in this conference
conference he gave her all this
information about peace Paris Osaka
vilas arre baba nama el Cinco de
noviembre condo cuenta son falsa y sin
ningun disra's tiene empanada completion
peasant era confianza en los cuales
supriya la copia de hierro Thabo
pidiendo la co Paris under former they
were then immediately arrested by the
Panamanian police and they were then
held under dressed for years into their
funny brought to trial but it was a
tremendous tool for the Cuban
intelligence service and essentially
reminded me of when I was in the CIA the
cube intelligence service was a very
important target for us to penetrate as
far as I know the human service was
never penetrated by an agent of the CIA
who was on the inside of that service
and they have tried i tried i saw in
many different ways to penetrate this
service by recruiting their people by
trying to break their codes to get their
code pads from embassies and so forth
and i have no doubt at all
in the